Ok...
Some jokes are really pretty good.
Especially some.. you know
When you are doing a live Q&A session
There will be some weird questions
One of them is
"Mark, is it true that those who say you are actually a lizard?"
I can only say that I am not
I am not a lizard
However, very, please keep these high quality messages.
it is good
it is good!
it is good! !
it is good! ! !
it is good! ! ! !
it is good! ! ! ! !
it is good! ! ! ! ! !
it is good! ! ! ! ! ! !
it is good! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Mr. Cypress, you jumped and jumped yourself this time.
*Suck* Mr. Kebo!!!
** suck ** Kebo!!!
He claims that he is not a lizard
We found that Zuckerberg’s behavior is weird.
Have been around for a long time
Has been happening since the emergence of the MEME
"The first class baseball teammates"
"This is a new instagram filter feature.
This is my favorite one.
First class teammates"
*Repeat* This is a new Instagram filter feature.
This is my favorite one.
First class teammates
It seems that there is a ghost behind Mark Zuckerberg’s identity.
What are the facts we are facing now? Why is this man?
Why a man who leads social media
Not good at all
Social
I want to remind everyone, then I want to show you
Will shock you
it will
Let you vibrate (shock)
Especially you, Mark
If you are watching
I know you are watching, Mark
I know that you have scared the cold sweat.
Oh, are you still sweating?
Mark? ?
You will sweat this kind of human.. mechanism?
Or are you only skinning?
"You sometimes have to remind yourself that you need to concentrate, try not to let the anecdote affect you."
"But they will still distract you because you are alone."
"I used to be" (?
"I am also... I am still a human" (Translation: Diablo 3!?!?)
..............
*laugh*
* pumping * we continue to watch
"But.. um.."
"But...just talking about me in the past"
"Ok.."
"Not saying that I am not a person"
*Repeat* I am just talking about me in the past
*laugh* (so this means...??)
That kind of normal person will not suddenly say it. Ok, Mark?
Ok?
"I used to be human"!
That usually does not happen at all.
Normally okay?
You are not normal at all
Normally, I won’t say something at all.
Usually not to say
Like a word that is completely spoiled by the public, very aggressive and offensive (translation: pewd's recent Nicole event)
But they will still be private - forget it.
Anyway, no one will speak like this! ! MARK! !
I want the truth!
"But they will still distract you because you are alone."
"I used to be.."
"I am also... I am still a human"
"but.."
They cut the picture to the audience. They had already arranged a drone to stand by behind him. Hey God!
God!! The situation is out here, the gray warning!!! (Translation: Gray = Terrorist)
What are you hiding in the mark - suck?
Why do you use tape to seal the lens and microphone of the notebook?
Is it every time you go to the molting cycle?
They won't find it?
And I, I know, because we are the same kind
I mean we are all...
*belch*
I know
I just know it
I have an intelligence source
I have a reliable informant
Tell me you are a reptile
OKAY?
This is a great body language analysis channel
Let’s see what they think of sucking Cypress.
"and so"
"to me"
"I have always been fascinated."
"It's just people."
"And how people work"
"You will notice..."
"Let's play it back"
"I didn't expect the film to suddenly cut his face from him and observe that he was sitting very straight."
"Hand on your knees, head lifted to the chin parallel to the ground"
"This person is facing Mark."
"He put his face down slightly, so he is surrendering to Mark and hiding his hands with his hands."
"Mark body language is open, indicating that he is leading the communication in this space."
"And he is consciously doing this action."
"I will explain how I know it."
"...and how people work"
"I have studied psychology and computer science when I was in college."
"quite long"
"Very frequent eye contact"
"He is deliberately doing this exchange and then briefly diverting his gaze. He also deliberately thought about something to talk about, and his eyes exchanged for a brief pause."
"The purpose is to dominate when to stop."
"And you know what you have to learn in psychology."
"Our head has these parts"
"It is like this...."
"How long does it take to see him keep in contact with his eyes?"
"When you usually face an object of surrender"
"And you lead this communication, like what he is doing now, using his body language to communicate with his eyes."
"You will give your time to rest and give yourself a body to relax, and you can relax with them."
"So you can make this exchange a harmonious atmosphere."
I really feel that we.. um..
We are getting closer to the truth.
What is this alien creature and so on, is there any?
It is trained in human behavior imitation
"A lot of things happened along the way, I think"
"There are always things in us that give us a lesson or become a turning point."
"And now in public, he can't help himself sweat."
"That is a few body language that is difficult to control..."
No, no, he won’t sweat.
He can’t flow out of the reptiles.
I'm serious
"kenneth's message: "Mark, I don't think you can suck it."
"What the hell? Come back to me and tell me what it is."
"I try to help you see"
"What is Zucker ZUCC? I have never seen it"
*Imitation* What is the sucking ZUCC?
*laugh*
Uh
*Small voice *He is talking about lazy
As early as Jarvis, "Mr. Mark is today is Saturday."
"So you only have 5 will open it." *Facebook CEO designed a new virtual assistant Jarvis*
"Room is set to a cool Fahrenheit 68 degrees." *Yes, God also called Morgan Feynman telling Zucker at his room temperature*
"At the beginning of this year, I started to design a simple AI to help me deal with everyday life."
"I use this self-developed AI program"
"To let Jarvis understand my instructions"
"And find a way to execute"
"Max had gotten up a few minutes ago, I was teasing her."
"Let's come and see her."
"Javis your Mandarin is heart-warming" * Jarvis is smart enough to teach your child Mandarin*
"Thank you" * Jarvis is smart enough to teach your child Mandarin*
"Jarvis also helps me prepare for my morning."
"Give me clean clothes"
"Open fire!!" * Jarvis obviously also part-time basketball game with guns to shoot out the running dragon *
* Jarvis obviously also has a part-time basketball game with guns and clothes to come out.
"This is like a word"
"Jarvis can also broadcast our favorite music"
"Let's play some good songs of five cents."
"I'm sorry, Mark, I don't think I can do this."
"The five cents don't even have a good song."
"Good! That is actually testing you."
Five cents is bad to the soup, right?
Hahaha
Yeah, five cents is rotten.
*Singular smile*
Five cents rotten
a ha ha ha
They are the worst, hahaha.
I hate them because everyone hates them.
a ha ha ha
Have you heard the crocodile card? Ah haha
Who will wear them? Right? Ah hahahaha
I can't think for myself
Ah ha ha ha ha ha
whatever
"I use this self-developed AI program"
"To let Jarvis understand my instructions"
* Level 1 great teammates XXD "and find ways to implement"
"Jarvis also helps me prepare for my morning."
"Give me clean clothes"
"fire"
* Interrupted video*
"Javis can also play our favorite music"
"Well, broadcast some of the music that our family loves."
*Excision - Robo Kitty*
"If I don't want to talk"
"I can also give Mevis to Jarvis"
*Input to eliminate human *
"Hand slipped"
Oh...
I think I like the part of Mark most.
Is his sense of humor
This is really -
Really a must
"Hey, welcome to F8!"
"The reason we are here"
"This is the second large-scale expo called F8 this week."
"Then you should guess that I will play this stalk"
"Because I just played the game and I just released it."
"There's none?"
"Our fault"
"Today, although we can't get Jushi Johnson to come here, we have the same amount of technology as he does."
David"the Rock"Marcus
"And we may not live in the moment" *And while we may not live our lives a quarter mile at a time
(From the end of the life of the 7th end of the Tang boss: I often say that my life only live in the 1/4 mile of the race means that only live in the moment)
Did you come to the fu? The joke awakened something in my body.
"And we may not live in the moment now"
*laugh*
*Imitate* and we may not live in the moment right now
****Synchronized laugh ****
"At least I know someone is spending a lot of money" (each time I spend a quarter of my salary) *one quarterly earnings at a time*
"Come, let me endure, I still have a joke." Don't don't want to suck.
I can't keep going. "The golden sentence of the game is 7"
"Never give up on family"
Hey~~ He has to say
"Our one is almost the same"
"Never give up home programs"
"Not as good as the original"
*尴尬 Cancer episode* "Not as good as the original"
Ah... my god...
This must be the stem of their industry.
Please be at least their own stalks.
My goodness
"That is the speed of scientific progress."
"You can probably call it"
"Fast & Furious"
*Von Di Sore Cancer*
What are the stalks that have been playing for life? This must have been sponsored.
Is sucking in suggesting that he has been sponsored
But the official is not marked # sponsorship?
Mark you.. at least you have to sponsor or advertise on it.
We have just been bombarded by these jokes, and there are sequelae like those of cancer.
Hey, are you helping out with propaganda but you haven’t officially used at least 48 #advertising tags to whitewash your newsletter?
Then put some super big trademarks and broadcast the sponsored Divine Comedy "The sponsored 喔, sponsored 喔"
"I am collecting money."
Honestly, what happened?
This this this.. which one
What is the conspiracy to conquer the world?
They even made it so obvious on the Oscar.
"Hey, broadcast a good song of five cents."
"Five cents is Satan's minions"
"One praise is equal to one prayer."
"Messages are below"
"If you ignore this message, you are equal to hating Jesus."
"Good! That is actually testing you."
"Or broadcast some songs that our whole family loves."
*it's everyday bro*
If you like, just press it and remember that every praise is equal to one sucker.